es-nozzle
Copyright 2013 brainbot technologies AG
Distributed under the Apache License, Version 2.0

-------------
This product includes elastisch, which is distributed with the
following notice:

## License

Copyright (C) 2011-2013 Alex Petrov, Michael S. Klishin

Distributed under the Eclipse Public License, the same as Clojure.
-------------

This product includes langohr, which is distributed with the following
notice:

Copyright (C) 2011-2013 Michael S. Klishin

Double licensed under the [Eclipse Public License](http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html) (the same as Clojure) or
the [Apache Public License 2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html).

-------------

This product includes the jcifs library (http://jcifs.samba.org/),
which is Licensed Under the LGPL (http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-2.1.txt)

-------------
This product includes clojure, which is distributed with the following
notice:

 *   Copyright (c) Rich Hickey. All rights reserved.
 *   The use and distribution terms for this software are covered by the
 *   Eclipse Public License 1.0 (http://opensource.org/licenses/eclipse-1.0.php)
 *   which can be found in the file epl-v10.html at the root of this distribution.
 *   By using this software in any fashion, you are agreeing to be bound by
 *	 the terms of this license.
 *   You must not remove this notice, or any other, from this software.

-------------
This product includes clj-time (https://github.com/clj-time), which is
distributed with the following notice:

Released under the MIT License: https://github.com/clj-time/clj-time/blob/master/MIT-LICENSE.txt


-------------
This product includes clj-iniconfig, which is distributed with the
following notice:

Copyright © 2013 brainbot technologies AG

Distributed under the Eclipse Public License, the same as Clojure.

-------------
This product includes clj-nio2
(https://github.com/juergenhoetzel/clj-nio2), which is distributed under the Eclipse Public License.

-------------
This product includes robert/bruce, which is distributed with the
following notice:

Copyright (C) 2011 Joe Gallo

Distributed under the Eclipse Public License, the same as Clojure.


-------------
This product includes versioneer
(https://github.com/trptcolin/versioneer/), which is distributed with
the following notice:

Copyright © 2012 Colin Jones

Distributed under the Eclipse Public License, the same as Clojure.

-------------
This product includes core.async
(https://github.com/clojure/core.async), which is distributed with the
following notice:

Copyright © 2013 Rich Hickey and contributors

Distributed under the Eclipse Public License, the same as Clojure.

-------------
This product includes data.codec
(https://github.com/clojure/data.codec), which is distributed with the
following notice:

Copyright © 2011 Alex Taggart

Licensed under the EPL. (See the file epl.html.)

-------------
This product includes the LGPL'ed version of jpedal
(http://sourceforge.net/projects/jpedal/)

-------------
This product includes image-resizer
(https://github.com/josephwilk/image-resizer), which is released under
the MIT license.
